# What the hell is Sprinty McSprintFace?

1. A discord bot!
1. A word count / sprint runner thing
  - currently Sprinty has a decent number of well supported options for starting sprints
  - and some half-assed options for tracking word counts

More generally, an inspiration bot of encouragement, possibly. Or at least that's the intended direction...

Right now, Sprinty is a hacky little fun project, driven entirely by my hate for another word sprint bot I won't name. My goals were to have less chat spam, more natural use like before we had a bot at all and were just keeping time ourselves, and to have a bot that didn't focus on competition. We're a supportive group, and competition makes me cranky. Chat spam too. I have a huge issue with chat spam.

Anyway, as such, Sprinty isn't currently a bot you can just go add to your Discord server. So if you want to use xem, you're going to have to build and deploy your own copy. (I don't *explicitly* have plans to fix that, but it's starting to look like I might for my own sanity anyway. No promises.)

# Wait, but you didn't tell me what commands Sprinty uses!

You're right. I didn't.

That's because it would be nonsensical to try to list them out here. I wanted it to feel sort of natural to call for a sprint, so Sprinty is pretty liberal about interpreting messages as a command.

It's duck typing at it's finest (or possibly worst).

The best way to see what commands Sprinty supports, and examples for how to use them is to read the help docs.

... which are generated by Sprinty, once xe's running.

**TLDR; Install Sprinty, then DM xem directly with the message `help`.**

(Also, hope I wrote enough info for anyone else to understand. I swear I plan on adding more help and details in that. And I *guess* it would probably be a good idea to put some more documentation here - at least the basic capabilities. But you know what? I need to either generate that when I build (hmmm good idea) or wait until xe's a lot more stable. You could also try reading the release notes.)

# Ok, fine. Guess I'll install and run Sprinty. How?

## Requirements

- Discord account
- node.js installed

## Set up a test bot

1. Go to https://discordapp.com/developers/applications/me and create a bot (make sure to add a bot user!)
1. Copy resources/template.json to src/secret.json and fill in both values
1. Update the following URL with your bot client id, https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?&client_id=BOT_CLIENT_ID&scope=bot&permissions=0, then use it to add the bot to a server - wherever you want to test and/or run i.

## Run the bot locally

1. npm install
1. npm run bot

## Development commands

1. npm run format
1. npm run test

## Deploy

1. install heroku cli
1. create and set up a heroku app and remote
1. git push heroku master
1. heroku ps:scale worker=1

Sorry bruh, but basically Heroku involves me saying "figure it out yourself".

(It should be clear, but obviously deploying with Heroku is not the only option. It's here as something between a suggestion and documentation of what I'm currently doing - nothing more.)
